
Tetris AI Connect-4
Liam Chalk, Devon Overbey, and Samrath Machra

Our AI Connect-4 game allows two human players, a human player and an AI, or two AIs to play Connect Four against
each other. Our program has two different modes: Classic Connect-4 or Tetris Connect-4. 
Classic Connect-4 has players add game pieces (either X or O) on a 7 by 6 board with X going first. The first player
to have a row, column, or diagonal with four of their game pieces in a row wins.
Tetris Connect-4 has the same win conditions, but there is a twist to the game play. If the bottom row of the
Connect-4 board fills up completely, then it is erased and all of the rows move down one. This mechanic resembles
the Tetris arcade game elimination of rows.
The game can be started with the following commands:

po = Player('O', 'RANDOM', ply)   #where ply can be increased to have a more advanced difficulty (but plays slower)
b = Board(7, 6)          #to play Classic Connect-4 or
b = Board(7, 6, True)    #to play Tetris Connect-4!
b.playGame('human', po)  #to play the game as X

The program works by implementing two different classes, the Board class and the Player class.
The Board class sets up the board ASCII text, adding or removing moves to the board, checking if a specific column
results in a win, and checking if the game is over and whether the result is a win for X a win for O or a tie.
The Board class takes the inputs of the board width, height, and whether the game is being played as tetris or not.
The Player class takes care of all the AI decision making, checking future moves to evaluate their score, and looking
ply moves ahead to see the possible board situations.
The Player class takes the inputs of whether the player is playing X or O, the preference of an AI to break a tie
score by playing the left-most, right-most, or random highest score, and the ply of how many moves the AI will look
ahead.
We hope you have fun playing AI Classic Connect-4 or Tetris Connect-4!